[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: What
do fluoride, Hitler,
and HAARP have in common?
They're all co-factors
in what has become known
as societal brain entrainment.
Many wondered how this may have
played out in the infamous 2016
presidential election as
an amazing level of discord
emerged.
Adam Trombly, of Project
Earth, is here with us today
to speak about the means
by which our minds have
been subdued en masse.
And this is something you've
been studying for a long time.
And we're going to go into
the deep, deep history
and implications of it.
But before we do
that, I mean everybody
has been focusing on
how our society is going
to be forced into
change as a result
of the presidential
election, and Trump
coming into the presidency.
But let's go back.
Because you and I talked
right after that election
and you said that there was
an amazing level of brain
entrainment when
Obama was elected.
Because this isn't a
political conversation,
this is a conversation
about societal manipulation.
>>ADAM TROMBLY: Yeah, I
mean, from my perspective,
it's just data.
>>REGINA: Just data.
And we're looking at it
that way toward an end.
>>TROMBLY: Right.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>TROMBLY: And basically we've
been watching entrainment
and commercials and political
elections going back--
>>REGINA: What's that look like?
Is it an advantage?
>>TROMBLY: It shows up
on a spectrum analyzer.
>>REGINA: What
does it look like?
>>TROMBLY: It
looks like repeated
anthropogenic
waveforms basically,
intermodulated on the waveform
that is the broadcast.
>>REGINA: So it's an additional
layer of information,
of a frequency-based nature?
>>TROMBLY: Yeah.
It's frequency.
As humans, we have
something called
frequency following response.
It's a part of our genetics.
So when we have
exposure, when we've
been exposed to repeated
frequencies, repeated sounds,
our brains tend to go into
synchronization with those
sounds for good or for bad.
>>REGINA: Which is why
companies have mottos,
and political candidates
have mottos, slogans.
>>TROMBLY: Yeah.
Sure.
And it's also the root
of mantra ultimately.
>>REGINA: So I mean this is just
as you're saying, this is data.
This can be used for elevation.
And it can be used
for the reverse.
So when you saw that in there,
what was your understanding?
How did you interpret
that when you
started noticing
these on this spectrum
analyzer in the ads themselves?
What did that tell you?
>>TROMBLY: We knew,
for example, that one
of the things that
we frequently saw
was called the Lilly
Wave which was actually
invented by John Lilly.
And when he was
visiting us in 1990--
without going into a
big story about it--
but he saw something
as I was booting up
one of the instruments
in the morning.
And he said where is it
waveform from coming from?
And I said it's coming from
the harness of our house
and from the electrical grid.
And he said, no, it can't be.
>>REGINA: Not
supposed to be there.
>>TROMBLY: And I said, why not.
I never even thought
about what that waveform
was to tell you the truth.
That's the honest to god truth.
It was just there in the
boot up process, you know.
He says that's a Lilly Wave.
And he invented
the Lilly Wave when
the National
Institutes of Health,
under contract with the US
Navy was implanting electrodes
into dolphin's brains.
And they discovered that
dolphins cannot be stimulated
by sine waves because they
would go into seizures,
because their brains
actually work.
And that took processing time.
So he had to give a
response pause, which
he called the response vector.
And so you have a wave and
then you have this pause
and then you have the [ZZZT]
then you have a pause.
>>REGINA: So the
pause allows the brain
a chance to catch
up with the data
without going into seizure.
>>TROMBLY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: OK so now looking at
this in the commercials, what
were you seeing?
>>TROMBLY: Well we, also,
having decent brains
that we don't use enough
most of the time, we also
actually have a response
vector it turns out.
We're much more responsive
to the Lilly Wave
than we are to sine waves.
>>REGINA: But not as
responsive as dolphins.
>>TROMBLY: Most humans, no.
But actually we
are, we're actually
more responsive than
dolphins in some ways
when it's done
properly, because we
have greater foliation in our
neural structure in our brains.
>>REGINA: Foliation as
in foliage and branching,
aberrations.
>>TROMBLY: Yes.
Foliation aberration.
Yes.
And basically, so
if you do it right
and you intermodulate correctly,
then our brains really
respond to the Lilly Wave.
So this is on the
harness of our houses,
we discovered this that day.
>>REGINA: What is a
harness of a house?
>>TROMBLY: The
electrical harness.
>>REGINA: OK.
The electrical
harness of a house.
>>TROMBLY: And that means
that it's on the grid.
Everywhere we've
measured in the country,
we've found Lilly Wave.
>>REGINA: So wouldn't
you say it would
be totally natural that it would
be embedded in that commercial?
Or is that special?
Is that intentionally embedded?
>>TROMBLY: Well,
actually, we hadn't
found that before John
explained the Lilly Wave,
we didn't even see that.
So it was like once he did
that, we started looking.
So that was 1990.
And we started looking.
Let's look at everything.
Let's look at TV signals.
Let's look at HAARP.
Let's look at everything.
I mean by the time we
were looking at HAARP,
it was '93, '94.
And we discovered incredible,
incredible entrainment
algorithms being played
out through these very
sophisticated broadcasts,
especially from HAARP.
The most unbelievable broadcast
I've ever seen in my life,
and that was 22 years ago.
>>REGINA: OK.
And we know that they've had a
lot of time to fiddle with it
and upgrade these
technologies and make them
more effective and less
detectable, theoretically,
over the last 26 years.
So they're more dastardly
now, certainly more
stealth-like in a sense.
>>TROMBLY: It is very
stealth-like because when
subliminals were outlawed
in commercials back
in the '60s, when they were
flash flames where they said
buy this and stuff like that.
>>REGINA: Pack of cigarettes.
>>TROMBLY: Yeah.
And other things
that we won't even
get into, but the
fact of the matter
is that when they
discovered that they
could use frequency following
response to entrain people
while they were
watching commercials
to get them to buy things.
This was actually had
Lilly over the top
when he found out
this was going on.
When John heard
about this, he just
went-- he says I
knew somebody was
going to abuse this technology.
And they were not just using--
>>REGINA: Well one might
argue they were abusing it
by doing this to dolphins,
but that's a second argument.
>>TROMBLY: Well we
know how, for example,
in the lab at Monroe
Institute, this whole spectrum
of signatures has been explored
in terms of the integration.
>>REGINA: We're
going to go there,
by the way, and your
experience with them.
In just a little bit.
I want to get back
to what we saw
embedded in those commercials.
>>TROMBLY: Good.
Thank you.
So basically, you have
this situation where
people are watching something.
And we know how to-- they,
not we-- but somebody
knows how to stimulate
the pleasure center
by intermodulating the sound
and the light in such a way
that the brain, without any
consciousness of it whatsoever,
suddenly feels like
I want to buy that.
>>REGINA: I want to
vote for him or her.
>>TROMBLY: That's going
to give me more pleasure.
And it's not even like it's
going to give me more pleasure
consciously, it's just
like all of a sudden I
want it because I feel
this pleasure that moment.
>>REGINA: And you're saying
the Obama campaign was
using that technology.
>>TROMBLY: The most unbelievably
sophisticated entrainment
technology that-- and
people were calling me
up from various
places because I've
been lecturing a long time.
And I'm not the
initiator of this.
People were looking into this.
And then when John informed
me about the Lilly Wave,
they got into it.
And I said I picked up the phone
and I called a bunch of people
and I said guess what, it's on
the harnesses of our houses,
too.
And it's coordinated
like intermodulation
is coordinated during
various events,
for example, like
the Super Bowl.
You have millions and
millions of people watching
a specific event and you
want a specific outcome
from an election, let's say.
And it's not
necessarily the outcome
that people are expecting.
But you want a program it in.
So we're talking
about this election.
And also going back all the
way to Obama, because we
have the illusion of democracy.
We don't really have democracy.
I think most people know
that the democracy is
kind of a sham.
I'm sorry to say.
>>REGINA: No, no, no.
I think viewing this
understand the reality of that.
>>TROMBLY: So just like
people buy products
without even knowing why they're
buying them half the time,
people vote for people
without even really knowing
why they're voting for people.
>>REGINA: Do both sides
use the same technology?
>>TROMBLY: Yes.
>>REGINA: How does
that occur if you're
looking at a vested interest
from, say, some ruling
elite at the top and they
have an interest in one
party versus the other
winning the election?
Why would both
parties have access
to this incredibly
sophisticated technology?
>>TROMBLY: Well, it used to be
only the Republicans used it.
And then, with Obama, the
Democrats started using it.
That was the first time
we ever saw it used.
>>REGINA: But how do they
even get access to it?
>>TROMBLY: Well how
they got access to it
is a mystery to me.
I mean I can't say.
>>REGINA: And so I'm saying
I can see if you have a glo--
and I know it's not this neat.
I know that this whole
notion of global elite
is a messy, contradictory
affair in a lot of ways--
but we do know
there are those who
choose to imprint
certain messages
and feelings upon society.
We know this in general.
>>TROMBLY: So a
sequence of events.
John Lilly in 1959 discovers
the Lilly Wave, discovered
that was effective
against-- or not against,
but in relationship to dolphin
behavior with electro-implants
in their brains.
Starts there, 1959,
it's a long time ago.
And somebody goes,
oh, look at this,
will this work with humans?
And so somebody
does an experiment
to see if it works with humans.
Now we've been studying
frequency following response
since after World War II
because where it really started
was in the '30s in
Germany when they
were developing the EEG,
the electroencephalogram.
And when they were
developing the EEG,
basically, they discovered
alpha entrainment.
They discovered that
they can manipulate
and they've discovered
brainwaves, basically.
And then they discovered they
could manipulate brainwaves.
And even like the
stadiums were rebuilt.
Albert Speer was the
architect, Hitler's architect.
>>REGINA: For the famous
Hitler's speeches.
>>TROMBLY: Nuremberg.
And that stadium was
acoustically redone.
So that everybody
standing in there
in their neat little
semi-conductor looking rows
were completely alpha entrained.
They were having this
pleasurable experience
of listening to Hitler.
And it was then extended
into the radio broadcast.
>>REGINA: Wait, one minute.
You and I talked off camera
about this at one time.
You said it wasn't
just the crowd.
Hitler himself was being
stimulated into this--
>>TROMBLY: Oh, you bet.
Oh yeah.
He was being hyper
stimulated, yeah.
They had put him in
a diaper actually.
And that's a fact.
And it's remarkable that they
were able to-- even when things
started going badly-- they
started taking the fluoride out
of the-- they used
fluoride experimentally
in the concentration camps and
figured that wow this really
helps placate our inmates, calms
him down, makes him impotent,
makes him sterile,
completely makes him sterile.
And so those guys
won't be reproducing.
They won't be misbehaving.
We need fluoride in the
water, also, now for the Reich
because the Reich's collapsing.
So they started
putting it in the water
so that people wouldn't panic.
>>REGINA: Wouldn't
rise up or panic.
>>TROMBLY: That's right.
>>REGINA: Was that the
beginning of fluoridation?
>>TROMBLY: That was begging.
>>REGINA: In the
public water supplies.
>>TROMBLY: That is really
the beginning of fluoridation
in the public water supply.
There are some people
who make claims
that there is an experiment
done in this country.
But in point of fact,
this is going back
to the early days of
the whole program.
>>REGINA: OK.
So they had fluoridation in the
water which subdues the ability
to really function and think
clearly even on one level.
It just takes it
down a notch, right?
>>TROMBLY: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
And then at the same time,
they were using this other kind
of EEG stimulation, right?
>>TROMBLY: Yes.
>>REGINA: To the crowds.
>>TROMBLY: So EEG stimulation,
by frequency following response
in the broadcasts-- so
they would have propaganda
broadcasts being broadcast.
And they would be in radio
broadcasts and everything.
Even though it was binaural,
and some people think because--
>>REGINA: Not
binaural, monaural.
>>TROMBLY: They think
because of Hemi-Sync
that you have to have
it be like binaural.
But, actually, one of the
things that you can do,
if you know how to do
it, is you can actually
take a monaural signal and you
can create a binaural beat,
even with a monaural signal.
>>REGINA: So they
were essentially--
>>TROMBLY: Slightly out of
phase on the same broadcast.
>>REGINA: They were
getting that same effect.
>>TROMBLY: Yes.
They were getting that effect.
>>REGINA: OK.
So the Republicans programmed--
>>TROMBLY: And they, of course,
had no idea, none whatsoever.
>>REGINA: And now we're
what 50, 60, 70 years
past the understanding of that.
>>TROMBLY: And our processing
power and everything else,
you add all of that.
When a colleague of mine,
former colleague of mine,
called me up-- and this is very
relevant to this whole thing--
and said you've got to
see what I'm seeing.
The entrainment
extends to HAARP.
But HAARP isn't
just-- there's not
just one ionospheric heater,
our ionospheric heater, which
we built to defend
ourselves partially
against other ionospheric
heaters in the world.
And the bottom line is that
once this got really going,
and people realized what you
could really do with it--
>>REGINA: With HAARP?
>>TROMBLY: With HAARP
and other such things.
>>REGINA: Well
Woodpecker out of Russia?
>>TROMBLY: Started
it out, that's
where it was first discovered.
It was actually something that
Tesla had proposed as a weapon.
And that was picked up on
by the Soviet government
because Tesla was feeling
very isolated and very
disenfranchised by our
government isolated
in his hotel room.
And there was some
correspondence that occurred.
And in point of fact, they did
all kinds of experimentation.
I worked with the Yull
Brown-- whose real name
isn't Yull Brown,
by the way-- but who
is famous for
so-called Brown's gas,
the stoichiometric mixture
of hydrogen and oxygen.
And in point of fact,
what he told me was
they could take a theater full
of people watching a romance.
And they would run out of the
theater horrified because they
had fight or flight from a
romance, from people kissing,
because they were
able to induce that
through the intermodulation
of the sound wave right
into the brains of the audience.
>>REGINA: Now, he was an
engineer in Germany, right?
>>TROMBLY: Oh, yeah.
>>REGINA: And were they
conducting these experiments
with him or on him?
>>TROMBLY: No he was
actually an engineer
who had been released
from the Gulag
because he had been a
Nazi during World War II.
Then they discovered that he was
also a very brilliant engineer.
And so they brought him in.
And they said, why
don't you work for us.
And he said, oh, this is a
lot better than the Gulag.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
And the plot thickens when we
move up in time a little bit
and as-- I saw a film called oh,
god "Something the Woodpecker"
you can go online and find it.
I saw it a film festival.
It must be out there somewhere,
but the Russian woodpecker.
And people can take
a look at that film.
And it is a wild artist,
brilliant, but he's an artist.
And it's kind of
all over the place.
But, essentially-- and I'd like
to run this by you because I
haven't asked anybody--
what he is saying
is that Chernobyl
was allowed to occur.
They knew what was going on.
They key people were informed.
They each chose to ignore what
had to be ignored at the moment
so the meltdown could
occur, because the meltdown
was directly impacting
the now malfunctioning
Russian woodpecker.
And there was going to be some
findings of either malfeasance
or negligence on the part of the
Russian government, those who
were operating the Woodpecker.
So they just kind of
blew the whole thing
with the frequencies
from Chernobyl.
Have you heard
anything about that?
>>TROMBLY: No.
>>REGINA: OK.
Let's go let's move
on down the road.
It's a fascinating idea.
They said it was used as a
cover to obscure and get rid
of the whole Woodpecker.
>>TROMBLY: All I can
say about Chernobyl
is there were signs of
instabilities for months
before.
And they were ignored.
Just like signs of
instabilities at Fukushima,
prior to the tsunami,
were ignored.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So that's a whole other can of
worms, but it's interesting.
>>TROMBLY: It's a
huge can of worms.
>>REGINA: But it all
goes together somehow.
>>TROMBLY: It all goes
together completely.
>>REGINA: OK.
So that you have to take up and
start researching on your own.
But see if you can
find that documentary
"The Russian Woodpecker."
So now let's go back.
Now we're talking about the
use of these frequencies.
You've built your
own HAARP device
to counter HAARP kind of into
your own ionospheric heater
to stop any intrusion
from these frequencies.
>>TROMBLY: No, no, no.
The HAARP itself is
an ionospheric heater.
What we did was we
actually-- I had--
>>REGINA: There was anti
ionospheric heater device?
>>TROMBLY: No, no.
It was a spectrum analyzer
so we could see everything.
>>REGINA: Oh I see.
>>TROMBLY: We could
see everything from DC.
And at that time up through 38
gigahertz in high resolution.
OK?
The instruments now
go way above band,
but they've cut off-- almost all
the instruments you can buy now
are cut off below 9 kilohertz.
>>REGINA: So you can't measure.
>>TROMBLY: There's this
whole extremely low frequency
the bottom of the
very low frequency.
But the extremely low
frequency is almost completely
impossible.
>>REGINA: OK.
We need to go back
to the implications--
>>TROMBLY: This is
important for entrainment.
>>REGINA: How do they use
these ultra-low frequencies?
>>TROMBLY: Well we function in
the extremely low frequency,
our metabolism.
And so entrainment
happens within this part
of the spectrum.
That you can't see now
in spectrum analyzer
you buy from Tektronix or
all of these other companies.
>>REGINA: So you can't
detect what's going on.
>>TROMBLY: You can't see it.
You can't see it.
Because unless you know about
the analogs and the harmonics
and subharmonics,
and once you know
that there are subharmonics,
et cetera, going upband.
Look, we found intermodulation
for DNA in 1994.
You know, I mean double helix.
Double helix marching across.
>>REGINA: But explain
in these common terms
what the net effect
of that would be.
>>TROMBLY: What the net
effect of that would be
is that you could
trigger mutations
and/or genetic disease.
>>REGINA: Right.
OK.
And that's been out
there for how many years?
>>TROMBLY: Well at
least since 1994.
>>REGINA: At least since 1994.
And can be used at will
and in targeted areas
with targeted groups of people.
>>TROMBLY: Right.
Which was before the
public announcement
of the full genome,
which, obviously,
somebody already had access
to in order to do that work.
And it was amazing,
because it was
on the frequencies of the
DNA molecule as a waveguide.
It was on the frequency
of the chromosome
in its relaxed and excited
state and preparing et cetera.
There was a whole spectrum
and incredibly sophisticated
technology.
And this is
electromagnetically induced,
so this is the other
component of this.
Water molecules
in our bodies can
respond to extremely weak
magnetic electromagnetic
signals.
Extremely weak.
And, therefore, you
can induce changes
with very little
amplitude in the field.
And so you can
have this broadcast
which broadcasts 100
megawatts into the ionosphere.
And then that gets
multiplied by 1,000 according
to Eastland who invented it.
>>REGINA: Right.
With the Russians who were
working in companionship,
I recall.
>>TROMBLY: Well he certainly
used some Russian research.
>>REGINA: I remember
reading that.
So go ahead.
>>TROMBLY: Yeah.
So and he finally acknowledged
on camera at one point
that HAARP also was a
biological warfare weapon.
>>REGINA: So and this
would make sense.
I mean if you look at just
classic homeopathy, right?
It's information being
relayed from practically none
of an original substance,
very, very low amounts of data
in the homeopathic substance to
inform the water in the body.
>>TROMBLY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And then that in
effect informs everything else.
So you can do it with that.
You can do it with
electromagnetic frequencies.
>>TROMBLY: I mean
what's a virus?
A virus is this incredible
small thing that
suddenly disrupts a metabolism.
>>REGINA: So this
begs another question
and that is do you
know of any evidence
of very specific targeted
people or regions of the world.
Areas in which genetic
defects of a particular kind--
>>TROMBLY: Anybody
can be targeted.
Once somebody has follicular
hair or some other DNA sample,
once you have the full
DNA of an individual,
you can target them very easily.
And it was obvious to
us in 1994 that they
were targeting somebody because
this was DNA marching across
with-- you know I spent a lot
of time looking at chromosomes
and DNA.
My sister was a biochemist,
biophysicist, and a geneticist.
So I wouldn't go
off of that tangent.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now before we go
off there, I want
to go back to the
Monroe Institute
and the binaural beats.
And this kind of entrainment,
because theoretically-- I mean,
not theoretically,
Bob Monroe was
working to find ways in which
we could enhance our function.
>>TROMBLY: Sure.
>>REGINA: So at some
point, in the early stages,
I believe you knew
Bob Monroe, right?
>>TROMBLY: I met him in 1987.
>>REGINA: OK.
And let's talk about
what was happening then.
Using binaural beats, trying
to use them in a new way.
There was a lot of
experimentation being done.
>>TROMBLY: Oh yeah.
The Munroe Institute--
>>REGINA: This is Hemi-Sync
because I think most
our viewers know of Hemi-Sync.
>>TROMBLY: Yeah,
hemispheric synchronization.
I met Bob in 1987.
I was introduced by
Dr. Lee Sannella,
who is a psychiatrist and
a neurophysiologist, Yale
educated.
And he was the one who
Bob called as a therapist
when he first started having
out of body experiences,
when he was experimenting
with his loudspeakers.
Because he was developing
loudspeakers at this land
he bought.
He was the chief engineer for
National Broadcasting for NBC.
And so he was
making decent money.
He bought some land
in Faber, Virginia.
And he started experimenting
with his loudspeakers.
It was the early days when
you're finding the sweet spot.
>>REGINA: Blasting himself
right out of his body.
>>TROMBLY: And the test tones
on and he found his face pressed
up against the ceiling.
And he thought he
was going crazy.
And anyway, Lee said no,
every culture until now
has had a tradition of
out of body experiences.
And so he felt very assured
that this incredibly credible
individual with great government
creds and everything else,
too, was saying you're OK.
Don't worry about it.
We need to look into this.
And so Bob started
exploring how to make
it happen intentionally.
And that ended up becoming
hemispheric synchronization
where he discovered
a way to coordinate
both the left and
the right hemispheres
of the brain in such a way
that they go into resonance.
They go into total resonance.
And by the time I
got there in 1987,
they'd already gotten to the
point where they could have
everything from the
hippocampus, everything
from the pineal and the
pituitary, everything,
the corpus callosum, the
medulla, the cerebellum,
the entire cerebral cortex
goes into resonance.
And it is the most amazing
thing when it's done right.
It's incredible.
Because all of a
sudden your IQ goes up
many, many, many,
many, many points.
And you start seeing
and understanding things
differently, if you get
it, if you go into sync.
This isn't just about
leaving your body,
I'll tell you that much.
And so once I experienced
that in '87, I was like--
>>REGINA: This is a holy grail.
>>TROMBLY: I said I
volunteer and I will
help promote this worldwide.
And in interviews I would talk
about it and things like that.
Bob and I became good friends.
I introduced him to
John Lilly and whatever.
The bottom line is that
it was all about frequency
following response.
And it still is and benign
ways of applying it.
Including, by the way, in
classrooms where Hemi-Sync
was applied to classrooms
full of ADD children who
were taken off of drugs
completely after six weeks.
>>REGINA: It makes total sense.
It's a natural thing to do.
>>TROMBLY: And their IQs, on
average, jumped 20 points.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now this gets me
to a point that-- I
think by this time a lot of the
viewers will be saying, hey,
I'm hearing that we're being
blasted with all this stuff.
We're being manipulated
in insidious ways.
And my guess is there's probably
very few, if any, situations
in which this technology is
being employed to enhance
humanity's experience.
>>TROMBLY: Not unless it
has a strategic advantage.
>>REGINA: OK, there you go.
>>TROMBLY: OK.
you want a pilot to be
able to concentrate?
You use Hemi-Sync.
>>REGINA: No, I'm talking
about the nefarious stuff
we find in the advertising
and in the field.
>>TROMBLY: No, I understand.
No, I was just saying
there is also that.
The nefarious stuff we
find in the field is
pretty wide ranging.
It's not that every
major corporation has
this kind of sophistication.
>>REGINA: No, I
wouldn't think so.
But the point is--
>>TROMBLY: But the networks do.
And the networks and Department
of Homeland Security do.
And Department of
Homeland Security
monitors all the
national feeds now.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>TROMBLY: Yeah.
And there is a great
deal of sophistication.
I guarantee you
there's sophistication
at NSA level and CIA level.
And I'm not saying this
is just it's all bad.
It's like you have to understand
this stuff in this day
and age when we have 50
petaflop computers running.
And that's 50,000 trillion-- I
mean it's like a petaflop is--
>>REGINA: It goes into numbers
that start with a G or a Z
or something, right?
>>TROMBLY: A petaflop is
1,000 trillion floating point
operations a second.
And we have 50 trillion.
Actually, Cray's
coming out with one
next year I think it's
170 trillion in 2017.
>>REGINA: And these
are specifically--
>>TROMBLY: 170 petaflops.
>>REGINA: And these
are being employed how?
>>TROMBLY: And that's
in the public domain.
That's what's known
in the public.
And then you have 30
years ahead of time.
And the stuff that's going on.
>>REGINA: In Black Ops, yeah.
>>TROMBLY: Yeah.
And so the level
of sophistication
that is occurring right
now in all of this
is really remarkable.
Why would people do this to
other people is the question.
If I may.
>>REGINA: If you may
please now go down,
let's go down that road.
>>TROMBLY: Why
would they do that?
And again, going back to
Nazi Germany, the people who
originally were working
with the development
of the electroencephalogram
were not
intending to manipulate
people and change
their mood and their politics.
But an aggressive parasitic
type of personality saw this
and heard about it and said,
oh, can we use it for this?
Like you put Goebbels
together with entrainment
and you get really
effective propaganda.
And all of a sudden
people are Sieg
Heiling all over the place.
And they don't even know.
>>REGINA: They don't
know why they're doing.
>>TROMBLY: It's a
physiological response
that's actually subconscious.
And it's like they feel
joy and enthusiasm.
And there's a good thing
that's happening because
of destabilization of the
magnetic field of our planet,
which is incredibly
unstable right now--
and getting more so every day.
Exponentially over the
last several years,
the dipole moment of this
planet has been decaying,
but that's a whole
other subject,
except for how it
relates to this.
It's becoming harder and harder
to keep people entrained.
>>REGINA: So this
is a good thing.
The entrainment isn't holding.
It's not really having its
intended effect on us now
like it used to.
>>TROMBLY: Not as much.
Acutely, it still has
a big impact people.
Watch the World Series.
People watch the Super Bowl.
People watch some kind of
political campaign event
or something.
Or they're in the stadium
where we discovered
the level of sophistication.
It wasn't really me.
A group of people were in
Oregon in a stadium in Portland
when Barack Obama
spoke there in 2008.
And they had really good
digital, very high definition
for the time, actually,
extraordinary for the time.
And they were in an
experimental phase--
>>REGINA: Some kind of
spectrum analyzer again?
>>TROMBLY: Well no, these
are actually microphones.
But they're incredibly sensitive
Piezo digital microphones
with really good resolution,
really high resolution.
And some people would
say well wouldn't you
want to have analog?
Well a lot of this is
digital information.
And it's being
triggered into our cells
and in step wise manner.
>>REGINA: What did they find?
>>TROMBLY: I just got this call.
And you know so I didn't
even know this is going on.
This guy called me he said, god,
I'm going to vote for Obama.
And I said you're going
to vote for Obama?
And he said, yeah,
and I said wow.
>>REGINA: It was a
flip-flop apparently.
>>TROMBLY: I said you are
the most Republican Oregonian
I have ever known
in my entire life.
And you're saying you're
going to vote for Obama.
And he says yeah,
and you wouldn't
believe the level of entrainment
it took to get me here.
He said he had the
entire stadium.
And I said well maybe
is it possible--
because I didn't want to believe
that Democrats were using it
that much-- is it possible that
he's just that charismatic?
And he said no effin way.
He said this is entrainment.
He said it's the
intermodulation,
the level of sophistication
is like we've never
seen anybody do it this well.
And we know it's not
Barack Obama doing this.
But it was who wanted him to
be elected who was doing it.
>>REGINA: Well and you can look
back at it and the forensics
historically.
Not a lot happened
under his presidency.
Really we didn't our commitment
to the military industrial
complex.
We didn't go after Wall Street.
We actually didn't
go after anything,
>>TROMBLY: Well there's so many
things that we could get into.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And we don't want to
go into the politics,
but the point is it
was business as usual.
>>TROMBLY: There is something
really important about what
you're saying,
because, basically, we
have people who make rhetorical
impact without actions.
And that's Barack Obama.
>>REGINA: That did
happen that way.
>>TROMBLY: Barack Obama,
under his administration, Ken
Salazar, as the Secretary
of the Interior,
every talks about oh, we
don't want Sarah Palin.
We don't want Sarah Palin.
Look at what Ken Salazar did.
He issued more oil and
gas drilling leases
than any other Secretary
of the Interior in history
with fracking, which has
contaminated aquifers
all over the country.
So this is about
this entrainment,
also, because people just rolled
with it because it was Obama.
A Republican could not
get a nuclear reactor
built in this country
even after 9-1-1.
I mean even in that
swansong period of the Bush
administration, they
could not get a reactor
built in this country.
Barack Obama gets elected
as the Trojan horse
of the nuclear industry with
an incredible entrainment
orchestration going
on in the background.
And there's 33 that are
now licensed for building.
And there's seven
under construction.
And people don't even
know this has happened.
>>REGINA: No, they don't.
I think it's fair to say, I
like that what is that called?
Rhetorical, not
entrainment, rhetorical
what did you call it?
>>TROMBLY: It's
rhetoric without action.
>>REGINA: Rhetoric
without any action.
That's right, because
it didn't turn out
to be change we
could believe in.
That didn't happen.
>>TROMBLY: People are
saying oh Barack was
such a great president,
and the environment,
and all of these things.
But if you actually look
at the impact, in reality.
The number of people
who actually are out
of work, the number of
people who have become
disenfranchised.
I mean completely
disenfranchised,
like vacated from the
system, but they're not gone.
They're not dead.
>>REGINA: They're
just not counted.
>>TROMBLY: And,
then, on top of that,
you add what's being
sprayed in the air,
which is also coupled
with the entrainment.
>>REGINA: That's where
we're going next.
>>TROMBLY: Yes.
>>REGINA: And it wasn't intended
to make a political commentary
about Barack Obama.
I wanted to lead into the
whole subject of entrainment
and how it was discovered
in that campaign.
So we can only guess
how it was utilized
in the campaign between Hillary
Clinton and Donald Trump.
And the reason I brought this
up is because people were not
acting like themselves.
People were unfriending
people on Facebook
throughout that campaign
that were formerly friends
because just kind
of outrageously
polarized viewpoints
that were developing.
>>TROMBLY: Well, let's say
you're an enemy of the United
States of America,
what better thing
can you do than to cause
this deep psychic division
in the country?
>>REGINA: It happened.
>>TROMBLY: And people getting
divorced, people committing
homicide, for God's sakes.
And all of them--
and I don't just
mean them, I'm conscious of it,
so I have found myself watching
somebody on TV-- I've
watched Barack Obama on TV
and suddenly thought, oh,
wow, I really like him.
>>REGINA: I do, too.
Everyone liked -- a lot
of people liked him.
>>TROMBLY: He's
hard not to like.
He's a very charismatic guy.
He's very intelligent,
all of that.
And we can blame him
and demonize him,
which we do way too much
of-- with presidents,
we put too much burden on the
Executive because basically
and way too much power
is concentrated there.
It's really out of the
checks and balances range
at this point.
But the fact of the
matter is somebody
is pulling the strings.
And one of the things, an
interesting aside one day,
relative to Bill Clinton--
because I was there
at the inauguration and
there was this messianic aura
of the whole thing.
But I was told six months
before the primaries
that he was going to
be the next president
and that Al Gore was going to be
the vice president, whether he
liked it or not.
And it was like and that's
the way it played out.
OK.
So somebody-- and as
a scientist I abhor
spookiness for no reason.
But when I've seen
it with my own eyes.
And the laboratory
where we recorded
the HAARP data, for example, got
raided by 13 federal marshals
right after I wrote
an article, which
was also pulled from the
web from my own website.
My own website was just
shut down completely,
which was much easier to do
back then than it is now.
But it's happened since
then again a couple times.
The fact of the matter is it
isn't just a one-sided thing.
So there are people who know
this can be used for good.
And there's people who know
it can be used for evil.
And it's just plain evil.
>>REGINA: It is.
>>TROMBLY: It's just
plain evil and there's
no two ways about it.
And the degree to
which people are
willing to damage other
people for the sake
of their political gain is
always just remarkable to me.
My god, it's like excuse me,
not only do we systematically
under educate our
population, even in fact,
compared to the
rest of the world,
we're just falling further and
further and further behind.
Buckminster Fuller
said in 1969, 1970,
that this was one of the
most insidious things
that he could see that
was going to impact
the future of the
United States of America
and its security as much,
or more, than anything else,
because it was becoming
less and less informed
democracy because of the
failure of the school systems
back then, which looks stellar
compared to the school systems
now.
What the heck happened?
>>REGINA: And the entrainment
that has grown hand in hand
with that.
>>TROMBLY: Right.
And then you have people
who entrained into dead ends
and loops in their own brains
where things, patterns,
are being repeated even
after the stimulation is
gone that's usurping the
circuitry of their brains.
And I mean if I was
somebody listening to this
and I was a skeptic, which
is not a bad thing to be,
I would have many questions.
And I just want to say that
I understand why people
would have many questions.
I'm not here to campaign
for that-- well,
actually, in a certain
sense, I am here
saying this is ridiculous.
And we need laws
that are up to date.
We need real monitoring by the
Department of Homeland Security
so that we know that
we are not being
subjected to this by
any corporation and/or
by our own governments.
And not just in this country,
people in the European Union
have found themselves
falling into lockstep.
I have a lot of
friends in Europe.
And this also is coupled with
the chemical attack aspect.
>>REGINA: And I think most
people listening to this,
or watching this right
now, talk about skeptics
would be almost in
unison skeptical
that the powers that
be would take it on
to protect the citizens against
what we're being subjected to.
I don't think anyone
has faith that's
going to happen on an
institutional level.
>>TROMBLY: Which is
also because we have
a very unstable magnetic field.
We have a huge amount of
stress and strain buildup
in the crust of the earth.
We don't have time to
get into the models.
>>REGINA: No, we
don't but, right.
>>TROMBLY: But the
fact of the matter
is there's huge
amount of heat that's
built up under the crust
of the earth right now.
And the rock
glaciers are moving.
And the volcanoes are going
to go off more and more.
And there's no way to
reverse it for the next 200
years short of really actually
putting like Russia and China
and the United States working
together-- not just those three
countries, but they happen to
have the greatest conservation
resource.
Canada, Germany, huge resources
there in terms of intellect,
huge resources, and
really sophistication,
a lot of sophistication.
I've talked to service
scientists in Europe
for a long time about
this, and believe me,
they're watching
on the one hand.
But they're still allowing
chemtrail spraying
to go on there on the
other hand under the guise
of geoengineering,
which it's not.
>>REGINA: OK.
But we talked about
another thing off camera
and that was that Putin has--
>>TROMBLY: Putin's
banned chemtrails.
Putin's banned GMOs.
And Putin's banned
fluoride in the water.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>TROMBLY: So the great
demon Vladimir Putin,
from the Orwell-esque
projection side of things.
I mean you know if it
wasn't for the fact
that he's still bombing Aleppo,
he might have more credibility.
OK.
Just sorry, I had to add that.
But the fact is of the matter
is he has at least stood up
and said you're not going
to do that in my skies,
because we've
discovered lithium.
We've discovered
iridium-192 which
is a hepatotoxic,
hepatocarcinogen,
it causes liver
cancer, which we're all
breathing all the time.
It's ubiquitous
everywhere I've gone.
And I've traveled a lot
with radiation meters,
with spectrum analysis.
>>REGINA: Iridium
is everywhere now?
>>TROMBLY: And
iridium-192 is ubiquitous
in the northern hemisphere
of this planet, at least,
and anywhere chemtrail
spraying is going on.
But especially in the
northern hemisphere where
it's been concentrated.
And there's a
whole other subject
why that's happening but to be
on the subject of manipulation
of political will, probably the
most important component we see
is lithium.
>>REGINA: We know
what lithium does.
>>TROMBLY: And then I shouldn't
say the most important,
the most important component
is nano aluminum silicate.
>>REGINA: Now most people
haven't heard of that.
>>TROMBLY: It's
basically just very, very
small particles of
aluminum, bonded with quartz
in like nano, like
billionths of a meter.
>>REGINA: Does that work
on the immune system,
the nervous system?
What does it work on?
>>TROMBLY: It gets absorbed
through the nasal passages,
goes directly in the frontal
lobes area of the brain.
It goes into the hippocampus.
It goes into-- and gets
absorbed by the neurons.
And then interrupts
the flow of current
in those neurons in
such a way-- aluminum
is the number one model we find
in autopsies of Alzheimer's
dementia patients-- this
aluminum goes and causes
rapid, rapid degradation, much
more rapid than we used to see.
>>REGINA: Severe
dementia quickly.
>>TROMBLY: Severe dementia
in 14 and 15-year-old kids
who are dying of
Alzheimer's disease now.
This is being
sprayed in our skies.
And when confronted, somebody
from a local place here,
when confronted
about geoengineering
was quoted very recently
as saying that's
out of my specialty.
That's beyond my specialization.
I don't know what the
physiological impacts are.
And the questioner,
who is a neurologist,
neurophysiologist,
and he said well
what do you mean you don't
know what the impact is?
How could you spray
this in the skies
of the world in a
coordinated effort
through the United Nations,
who has superseding authority
in this, how could you do that
to the population of Earth
if you know that it might
be causing and, in fact,
I can confirm to you as a
neurophysiologist-- not me,
but he was saying
this, Dr. Blalock--
he said that this
is something that
is happening to my patients.
This is something--
>>REGINA: This is
Robert Blalock, right?
He's wonderful.
>>TROMBLY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>TROMBLY: He's
really very brave man.
>>REGINA: He is
>>TROMBLY: And it's
extremely important
that scientists, male and
female, develop courage.
Because this is ridiculous,
this is extermination.
This is a global Auschwitz.
And that is really
what's happening.
And it sounds like total
paranoid craziness to say that,
but, in point of
fact, it's happening.
When we see this
happening and we
confront people about
it, various people.
I have conference call
after conference call,
I'm talking to people.
And I'm saying, OK, you guys
know about the nano aluminum
silicate?
And sometimes a bunch of them
do, sometimes they don't.
I said do you realize
that at this level,
not only does it
stay in suspension
much longer than anybody
ever anticipated--
they didn't really
do experiments first
to see what the
hang time would be
for these particles and the
slang term to apply to this--
but the fact of the matter
is they didn't really
do the homework.
They just started spraying it.
And they said well this will
really effectively reflect
sunlight into space and that
will justify geoengineering.
But the lithium and the damage
between the lithium calming
everybody down and making--
>>REGINA: And iridium.
>>TROMBLY: And iridium
to absorb neutrons
from the spontaneous
fissioning of isotopes
from Fukushima that
are still circulating
in the upper atmosphere
of the Earth to this day.
They're really
still circulating.
We have plutonium
fissioning and we
have neutron storms happening.
We've measured neutron storms.
And Patrick Flanagan measured
a neutron storm in Costa Rica.
He called me up from Costa
Rica and he said my god,
you're not to
believe I'm getting
6,000 neutrons a second.
And I'm flying up over
the pole a couple of years
ago going to lecture in Europe.
I was measuring going
up over the pole.
And, of course,
we're always used
to seeing cosmogenic neutrons.
But I had spectrum
analyzer capabilities.
So I was seeing
plutonium-239, you know.
I was seeing cesium-137,
cesium-134, et cetera.
And I have the data.
And we were in a neutron
storm for four hours.
And so having survived
cancer from exposure
to radiation right
here in Boulder,
right out in Broomfield
actually in a dairy farm
next to Rocky Flats-- in
1974 is when I got exposed.
10,000 times 80-- actually
the highest sample
was 80,000 times permissible
levels of plutonium oxide
that I had in a baggie
in my back pocket
because it was number 10 bag.
It was my last bag.
>>REGINA: OK.
So I have to say something now.
So you found your way back
to health, thank goodness.
And you've been monitoring
all this and go ahead.
>>TROMBLY: And so I
have-- it's called
enlightened
self-interest, but it's
from real hard won experience.
I know what these
things actually do.
And we're all being
exposed to it.
The campaign is-- to me,
to tell you the truth,
honestly-- the whole thing
is a bloody distraction
from reality.
Because in point of fact,
what we have to demand,
and everybody has to demand
this all over the world,
we have to demand that the
spraying of these chemicals
stops now.
>>REGINA: People have
tried repeatedly.
I started in on
this 16 years ago.
I was talking to
everybody, taking pictures,
calling every agency.
Dennis Kucinich.
I was there when he announced
his candidacy in Marin County.
And one of the things that came
up was that his ban on space
based weapons agenda
that he was putting out.
He eliminated the chemtrail
portion of that legislation.
Someone in the crowd
was aware of this,
stood up, and said why did
you bail on chemtrails?
And he said because
if I continued,
it would take everything
else I'm trying to do down.
Next.
And he's a brave man.
Dennis was a brave man.
But even he wouldn't
even talk about it.
No one will talk about it.
>>TROMBLY: Nobody wants
to talk about it, I know.
Hardly anybody wants talk.
More people are talking
about, a lot more people.
>>REGINA: Well let's not
get into the politics of it.
I want to get into
another area of it.
OK.
So we're being exposed
to all of this.
>>TROMBLY: Yes.
>>REGINA: You notice that
some people are definitely
more susceptible to developing
symptoms than other people.
Some people's brains
are super sensitive,
or maybe they're getting
more saturated levels.
The point is what
can we do in terms
of just the one thing
aluminum saturation
in our frontal lobes?
>>TROMBLY: You could
take magnesium malate.
>>REGINA: OK.
I hope everybody's
writing these names down.
>>TROMBLY: Magnesium malate
is the most important thing
to counteract the
impact of nano alum--
>>REGINA: Does it
chelate it or something?
>>TROMBLY: It does.
The malic acid, the
most effective way
to deliver the malic acid to
our systems and to our brains
is married with magnesium.
So as it's coupled
with magnesium,
it's delivered very effectively.
And you get the benefit of the
magnesium at the same time.
Magnesium malate is
the ticket, because it
will bond with the aluminum.
It will get it out
through the kidneys.
And we will eliminate it.
It works.
It's great.
And I highly recommend it.
Shilajit it is also
very important.
>>REGINA: Shilajit, yeah.
That's rising in popularity.
>>TROMBLY: The most
important thing
that we've found so far
as a source of humic acid.
And humic acid is the
most effective chelator
of radioisotopes.
>>REGINA: OK.
So what do you guys take
in terms of the humic acid?
>>TROMBLY: Oh, it'd be like me
plugging a specific product.
>>REGINA: We don't
want to do that.
But is there a range
of them or something?
Just go online and search
for really high quality
humic acids?
>>TROMBLY: There's
only one company
that we know of that actually
purifies their shilajit's such
that they make sure that
there's no heavy metals in it.
Because shilajit tends to have,
from some areas in particular,
tends to have
heavy metals in it.
So you need to be
careful of that.
>>REGINA: S-H-I-L-O-G-E-T?
>>TROMBLY: S-H-I-L-A-J-I-T.
That's just one way they also
called it mumie.
They call it various things.
Like when you're in Afghanistan,
it's called one thing.
When you're in
Nepal, it's called--
>>REGINA: Yeah, but if we're
searching online in America,
if we're googling it, shilajit.
>>TROMBLY: Shilajit, yeah.
>>REGINA: And it's the only
one that has been purified.
>>TROMBLY: There's
only one company
that's doing that, that's
doing the chemo analysis.
>>REGINA: And it
says that on that--
>>TROMBLY: And actually
every single batch
has chemo analysis.
And I'm just going to say
it because it's pure black.
And it's going to
go off the charts.
But the fact of the matter
is people need to know,
how to get this stuff
out of our systems.
>>REGINA: No, we do.
And that's our job.
>>TROMBLY: We need to
know about nootropes.
We need to know about
all of this stuff.
The fact of the
matter is we also
need to know about
how easy it is
to counteract the entrainment.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And that's what I
was coming to next.
This is for the body.
Get this junk out of
our brains and bodies.
>>TROMBLY: Yes.
>>REGINA: So we have a
couple great suggestions.
Thank you.
And I appreciate your
revealing the name as well.
>>TROMBLY: Sure.
>>REGINA: And then now,
let's look at Hemi-Sync
and other means by which
we can start taking
our own entrainment back.
>>TROMBLY: Right.
And meditation.
>>REGINA: Yes, meditation.
>>TROMBLY: Meditation is
an essential foundation.
Basic breath.
People are never
taught to breathe.
>>REGINA: Because that
harmonizes the hemispheres
immediately.
>>TROMBLY: And
kids, for example--
I know this from
personal experience
because we had our own schools
out in California that we
created-- and the very
first thing that kids
learned how to do was to breathe
and to feel with their breath.
And it's an
incredibly empowering
to do that from the
time that a child begins
to become articulate and to
incorporate that into instead
of behavior
modification and do this
and don't do this,
stop and breathe.
What are you feeling?
Are you feeling good?
Are you feeling happy?
Do you want to feel this way?
Really?
Feel, what are you feeling?
Ask anybody.
Any of us, it's not like
any of us are immune.
I'm certainly not
claiming immunity.
I have to stop
and breathe a lot.
And who doesn't?
If you know how to
do it, you do it.
So the very first
thing anybody can do,
without spending a dime, is to
learn how to stop and breathe
and to feel.
And that feeling literally
causes the electrical current
to branch out through
our nervous systems,
through our cellular structure
in such a way that it
helps counteract all of this.
And we can stay awake.
But first, we have to understand
that we're being impacted.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TROMBLY: So
understanding that we're
being impacted doesn't mean that
we curl up in a corner and go,
oh, no, they are doing
this to me again.
They're doing it to everybody.
It's not just one person.
So the paranoid schizophrenic's
can put it away and get over it
and start breathing.
Seriously And so
everybody can do that.
Everybody can start
drinking good water.
And people say don't
drink reverse osmosis
water it's dead.
OK, well you can reverse
osmos your water,
which everybody should be
doing to get all of this stuff
that you can get out out.
And then, add magnesium
and calcium back in.
And then, you can put it through
something that energizes it,
makes it alkaline.
It's worth the
investment because it
will save you in terms of
the health of your family.
This is something
everybody can do,
almost everybody can do
this I mean there are people
out there in the rural areas,
I'm sure, who would say,
well, we just don't have
the money to do that.
Well do you have the
money for your kids
to be sick chronically?
What is it worth to you to be
able to remember why you just
went to the store?
And how many
millions of Americans
get to the store, who are
in their 30s and 40s now
and I'm hearing this from all
over the country and the world,
people having these fuse.
It used to be called
senior moments.
But what do you call it
when it's a 21-year-old kid
or a 18-year-old kid?
You don't call that
a senior moment,
you call that dementia
that's being induced.
So we need to take
responsibility.
You and I and everybody
in the entire world
needs to take responsibility
for ourselves.
And when you say, OK,
you can't do this to me.
You may have your
[? femtocell ? ] signals,
you may have your
chemtrails spraying,
I'm going to take malate.
I'm going to get
the isotopes out
of my system that have been
streaming from Fukushima
in spite of the fact that the US
government has been denying it.
I'm going to do whatever
I have-- not just the US
government, by the way.
Basically, and
Hemi-Sync, there's
a bunch of things
you can buy online.
They're actually quite good.
I went to sleep last night
using a brainwave program that I
downloaded it onto my iPad.
And anytime I'm on
the road, I play this
and I can tune it
for lucid dreaming.
I can tune it for deep sleep.
I can tune it any way I want.
>>REGINA: What's the company?
>>TROMBLY: Just
Google brainwave.
Or go to the app store
and go brainwave.
And you'll see a whole
thing that will come up.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now I have another
question, so--
>>TROMBLY: There's
not just one company.
But I mean this
particular company
has a lot of things
that are binaural.
They're very good.
They work.
>>REGINA: OK.
Good so we can do that.
We have it in our pocket.
Well, ideally not in our
pocket, but we have it somewhere
near us on our iPhones.
>>TROMBLY: And also HeartMath.
>>REGINA: And HeartMath as well.
>>TROMBLY: HeartMath is
really very powerful.
And it's very simple.
And it's an amazing thing.
And one of the things I hope
to do with my grandchildren
is to work with them and help
them learn how to do HeartMath,
because what a great thing.
Imagine having
HeartMath competitions.
>>REGINA: That's very smart.
>>TROMBLY: Where kids
learn how to cohere.
And, man, I'll tell you
in my own experience
when I first started
waking up in my teens.
It was like I was very mental.
I was seriously mental.
I was mental.
Anyway, the fact of the matter
is that it's the breath.
The [INAUDIBLE] in the
most esoteric Buddhism.
Even in esoteric
Judaism, which we
have a great example
of in Jesus Christ,
for example, which we tend
to forget that he was Jewish.
But in point of fact the ruach
hakodesh, the holy breath,
is the root of everything.
So the breath, again
and again, people
say it can't be that simple.
But we have to be able
to oxygenate ourselves.
Also we need to take care
of ionic environments, too.
There's so many
things that we can do.
But the thing that we can do
right now is breathe always.
And then we can buy
whatever we afford to buy.
Magnesium malate, MegaHydrate.
MegaHydrate's important.
>>REGINA: MegaHydrate's
Patrick's product.
Yes, OK.
>>TROMBLY: It's
extremely important
because it is negatively
ionized hydrogen. He found a way
to deliver this to our system.
It's the number one charge
carrier in the body.
And you know your cells will
no longer stack and stick
together, if you're taking it.
And you will eliminate
toxins like you didn't even
know you could.
I basically, from the
time I started doing it
in 1999, three years
later, I finally
got through with
detoxing from cancer.
>>REGINA: OK.
So those are--
>>TROMBLY: I thought.
And then somebody infected
me with something else,
another form a virus of cancer.
>>REGINA: OK.
Unfortunate.
>>TROMBLY: Unfortunate But you
see, the point is that I'm here
laughing about it.
>>REGINA: Yeah and you
detoxed from it and so again--
>>TROMBLY: That great
song "I'm Here."
Right?
>>REGINA: You're here.
And MegaHydrate's here.
We know Patrick's product has
been out there for many years.
>>TROMBLY: And I don't
mind plugging MegaHydrate
because I've turned
so many people onto it
around the world.
And it has saved so many people.
We are all toxic.
We are all cranky.
We are all forlorn.
There are millions of people who
are like wondering whether they
should even be alive next week.
They think that Donald
Trump is the worst
thing that ever happened.
And you know what?
The worst thing
that ever happens
is to presume that it's the
worst thing that ever happened.
>>REGINA: That is correct.
I couldn't agree with you more.
>>TROMBLY: The worst thing that
happens is when people give up.
And we don't have to give up.
And we don't even
know who this guy is.
He was a Democrat before he ran
for president for God's sakes.
We don't even know
who Donald Trump is.
We only know that
somebody decided that he
was going to be president.
And it wasn't the it wasn't
the majority of Americans.
>>REGINA: We do know that.
Also something else.
I mean if you look at it from
an astrological point of view,
and other points of
view, we are in a time
that is requiring and
demanding a change.
A change in our
thinking, a change
in all institutional
thinking, systems
need to start folding up shop so
new ones can be given birth to.
And we needed to have an event
that would trigger change.
Because we don't
learn the easy way.
We learn the hard way.
>>TROMBLY: And in
a certain sense,
having Donald Trump
be elected president
was a slap in the
face, which says
to the progressive democratic
so-called movement-- which
hasn't been moving
for a long time,
it's been stagnant-- is
that you've been stagnant.
You haven't really taken
care of the environment.
You haven't really
taken care of nuclear.
You've proliferated nuclear.
You haven't really
done your job.
And so you didn't
really represent.
I mean, Hillary
Clinton was saying
GMO was getting a bad rap.
You know?
Excuse me.
So she could get
money from Monsanto?
I was very disappointed in that.
I have to say that God bless
her and Bill and everything,
but really?
So maybe some
miracle will happen.
Maybe Donald Trump will
turn out to be somebody
who actually once he's read
into what's really happening
will go, oh my god, it's
worse than I ever thought.
>>REGINA: I wouldn't mind if
he took the cues from Putin
at least on chemtrails,
GMOs, and fluoride.
I think we'd all
appreciate that part of it.
But the reality is the gig's up.
As you say, the
earth is becoming--
the crust itself is becoming
unstable and heated.
And so are we.
All of this is being
transferred into us.
>>TROMBLY: Right.
We suffer fight
or flight, sorry.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
We should be upset.
We should be demanding change.
But it has to start
with ourselves.
>>TROMBLY: That's right.
And one of the things that we
discovered in the early days,
right after Elizabeth
Rauscher and Bill van Bise
turned me on to
what they were doing
in the very early days of
forecasting earthquakes,
and also in
monitoring ELF signals
with these really simple
little spectrum analyzers
we had back then,
as time went on,
we would see that before
an earthquake people panic.
They have fight or flight.
And so we have
this instinctively.
So we know, OK, we know
ahead of time enough
usually that in the old days, a
sizable part of the population
would just move.
OK, it doesn't feel
good here anymore.
And people relied
on their feelings
because they were
living in nature.
So they had to.
That's the kind of
intelligence that we've lost.
And we don't measure that in
the IQ tests, unfortunately.
But it's extremely important.
And we would find
homicide levels going up.
We would find heart attacks,
premature delivery of children.
There was just lined up
all these stress factors
before an earthquake
or an eruption.
Yeah, before Mount St.
Helens, very similar stuff
was happening.
Not just in Oregon,
because this is transmitted
through the ionospheric,
lithospheric waveguide of Earth
and it goes far afield
from just the primary site.
And the problem now is like when
Elizabeth, and Bill, and I were
sitting in Emeryville in
their trailer there looking
at this little
screen that they had,
this electrosonic,
little spectrum analyzer,
or electroscopics, anyway.
And we were looking
at this thing
and there were like a
couple of spikes standing up
in the background of the noise
of the extremely low frequency
magnetic electromagnetic
field of the Earth.
And now, when you look
at a similar instrument,
the entire screen is
filled with indications.
Every one of those spikes
indicate stress and strain
at an acute level at
a location on Earth.
Now the whole Earth, more and
more of the Earth, has this.
So people are
feeling disquieted.
People are suddenly
feeling, out of nowhere,
they're feeling like
completely anxious.
And they look at
their spouse and it's
the only person that's close.
And so they immediately,
without even knowing why
it's happening-- I don't even
know why I'm arguing-- people--
I'm sure there's millions
of people who say--
>>REGINA: I know there are.
>>TROMBLY: And so
having these insights
can also be important
because people don't even
know why they're fighting wars.
Because they're being
manipulated into fighting wars.
This is a business.
This is a huge
business, going back
to the industrialization of
warfare in the 19th century.
This is a huge business.
And there are people,
there are really
people who are that parasitic,
and really, ultimately,
that stupid.
And I have to say, it's
just stupid to do this.
It's not a smart thing to do,
because, in point of fact,
it doesn't matter.
I said I know a number of
people who are billionaires.
And all I can say is
this, I say your money
isn't worth anything in a world
that is totally destabilized.
And if you think you're
going to go live on Mars
and be happy, good luck.
>>REGINA: Have fun there.
Meanwhile.
So just in summary, because
we are well out of time.
>>TROMBLY: Sure.
>>REGINA: So just
in summary, we're
living on a planet that's going
through its own process that
is unstable.
>>TROMBLY: Yes.
>>REGINA: We're living
in an environment
where these people
you talk about,
megalomaniacs of whatever kind,
are projecting all of this
onto us for their own means.
We're also dealing
with chemtrails.
We're dealing with all of this.
But all we have to
do is make the choice
to stay stable amidst it.
Start with breath,
meditation-- which we all
have control over-- and
then a few key products,
which we've just mentioned,
to start bringing our physical
either chelating or bringing
us back into harmony, right?
A little Hemi-Sync
thrown on top, maybe
some beautiful music, laughter,
dancing, love, friendship.
>>TROMBLY: Global
meditation events.
>>REGINA: There you go.
And global meditation events.
>>TROMBLY: They're
already happening
where tens of millions of
people are participating.
And people may think that
this is a silly thing,
but we are seated all
of us in the midst
of this boundless field
with illimitable energy
that we can connect directly
to no matter what our belief
system is.
If we get over our
belief systems,
we can feel it, more
readily sometimes,
because we know it's
infinitely present everywhere.
And if we can do that, wow,
we could change the world even
now.
But we have to do it.
>>REGINA: Nothing more to say
than that, we have to do it.
Adam, thank you so much.
I know we could go on
for another three, four,
five hours.
Thank you, so much.
>>TROMBLY: Sure.
>>REGINA: Again, you can learn
more about Adam's original work
by visiting projectearth.com.
Meanwhile sounds
like we all need
to take responsibility for
our part in this whole thing,
right?
>>TROMBLY: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]